# A1: Re-EVENT

With the rising scope & expectations of entertainment, theme, food, and security at events, the demand for an application that facilitates the planning and organization of those events is mounting with each day.

This is a tool that can be used by clients and organizers alike. Also, a team of administrators is defined, which will be responsible for managing event reports and also deleting them if necessary.

Users are separated into groups with different permissions. These groups include the above-mentioned administrators, with complete access and modification privileges, but without the ability to engage in events or organize one, the non-authenticated user only can use the application as a means of browsing public events, either by name or for example more specifically by tags. At last, the authenticated users, have privileges to create events, manage them, send invitations and also request to join an already existing event.

The application should also allow attendees to interact with the events pages, for example by leaving their review, either by score or comment, or by answering polls. Users should also be able to check the other attendees list and leave the event if they wish to.

The platform will have an adaptive design, allowing users to have a pleasant browsing experience, regardless of the device (desktop, tablet or smart phone). The product should also provide an intuitive UI, that facilitates all interactions necessary according to the user storie

***
## Revision history
 
Changes made to the first submission:  
 
***

GROUP2291, 25/09/2022
 
* Afonso Martins, up...@
* Eduardo Filipe Leite da Silva, up...@
* José Diogo Pinto, up202003529@fe.up.pt
* Matilde Silva, up...@